♪
♪ >>> THE WITCH HUNT, THE FACT IS
>>> THE WITCH HUNT, THE FACT IS I GUESS WE GOT 81 LETTERS.
I GUESS WE GOT 81 LETTERS. THERE WAS NO COLLUSION.
THERE WAS NO COLLUSION. IT WAS A HOAX.
IT WAS A HOAX. THERE WAS NO ANYTHING AND THEY
THERE WAS NO ANYTHING AND THEY WANT TO DO THAT INSTEAD OF
WANT TO DO THAT INSTEAD OF GETTING LEGISLATION PASSED.
GETTING LEGISLATION PASSED. 81 PEOPLE OR ORGANIZATIONS GOT
81 PEOPLE OR ORGANIZATIONS GOT LETTERS.
LETTERS. IT’S A DISGRACE TO OUR COUNTRY.
IT’S A DISGRACE TO OUR COUNTRY. THEY WANT TO FOCUS ON NONSENSE.
THEY WANT TO FOCUS ON NONSENSE. >> THAT WAS PRESIDENT TRUMP
>> THAT WAS PRESIDENT TRUMP EARLIER THIS WEEK CRITICIZING
EARLIER THIS WEEK CRITICIZING DEMOCRATS FOR THEIR WIDE RANGING
DEMOCRATS FOR THEIR WIDE RANGING INVESTIGATIONS, PARTICULARLY THE
INVESTIGATIONS, PARTICULARLY THE DOCUMENTS THE HOUSE JUDICIARY
DOCUMENTS THE HOUSE JUDICIARY COMMITTEE REQUESTED FROM OVER 80
COMMITTEE REQUESTED FROM OVER 80 TRUMP ASSOCIATES AND
TRUMP ASSOCIATES AND ORGANIZATIONS INCLUDING MEMBERS
ORGANIZATIONS INCLUDING MEMBERS OF THE PRESIDENT’S FAMILY AND
OF THE PRESIDENT’S FAMILY AND INCLUDE IVANKA BUT THEY’RE TURN
INCLUDE IVANKA BUT THEY’RE TURN AND HOUSE SPEAKER NANCY PELOSI
AND HOUSE SPEAKER NANCY PELOSI SAID THEY’RE NOT OFF LIMITS.
SAID THEY’RE NOT OFF LIMITS. THIS IS NOT THEIR CHILDREN AT
THIS IS NOT THEIR CHILDREN AT HOME.
HOME. AND MAKES REQUESTS FOR DOCUMENTS
AND MAKES REQUESTS FOR DOCUMENTS ON THE SECURITY CLEARANCE
ON THE SECURITY CLEARANCE PROCESS, INCLUDING FOR TRUMP’S
PROCESS, INCLUDING FOR TRUMP’S SON IN LAW, JARED KUSHNER.
SON IN LAW, JARED KUSHNER. AND DEMOCRATIC CONGRESSMAN OF
AND DEMOCRATIC CONGRESSMAN OF RHODE ISLAND WHO SERVES ON THE
RHODE ISLAND WHO SERVES ON THE HOUSE JUDICIARY COMMITTEE.
HOUSE JUDICIARY COMMITTEE. I’M SO GLAD YOU COME ON, BY
I’M SO GLAD YOU COME ON, BY INWAY.
INWAY. I HAVE SEEN A LOT OF SKULL DUGRY
I HAVE SEEN A LOT OF SKULL DUGRY UNMY LIFE BUT I’VE NEVER HEARD
UNMY LIFE BUT I’VE NEVER HEARD OF WHITE HOUSE STAFF PEOPLE WHO
OF WHITE HOUSE STAFF PEOPLE WHO ARE THEORETICALLY LOYAL TO THE
ARE THEORETICALLY LOYAL TO THE PRESIDENT LEAKING STUFF TO A
PRESIDENT LEAKING STUFF TO A COMMITTEE THAT’S INVESTIGATING
COMMITTEE THAT’S INVESTIGATING HIM.
HIM. WHAT’S GOING ON?
WHAT’S GOING ON? CAN YOU FIGURE OUT IF THESE
CAN YOU FIGURE OUT IF THESE CHECK OZEN THE PRESIDENT’S
CHECK OZEN THE PRESIDENT’S FAMILY MEMBERS ARE NOW FLOATING
FAMILY MEMBERS ARE NOW FLOATING DOWN TO THE HOUSE COMMITTEES
DOWN TO THE HOUSE COMMITTEES INVESTIGATING HIM?
INVESTIGATING HIM? HOW IS THAT HAPPENING?
HOW IS THAT HAPPENING? >> THERE ARE CLEARLY
>> THERE ARE CLEARLY WHISTLEBLOWERS WITHIN
WHISTLEBLOWERS WITHIN ADMINISTRATION.
ADMINISTRATION. SECURITY CLEARANCES ARE TO
SECURITY CLEARANCES ARE TO PROTECT THE NATIONAL SECURITY
PROTECT THE NATIONAL SECURITY NRBTEST OF THE UNITED STATES.
NRBTEST OF THE UNITED STATES. THEY’RE ONLY GIVEN TO PEOPLE
THEY’RE ONLY GIVEN TO PEOPLE TRUSTWORTHY AND CAN KEEP
TRUSTWORTHY AND CAN KEEP CONFIDENTIAL SOME OF THE MOST E
CONFIDENTIAL SOME OF THE MOST E ESSENTIAL SECRETS.
ESSENTIAL SECRETS. SO WHEN THEY RAISE OBJECTIONS TO
SO WHEN THEY RAISE OBJECTIONS TO JARED AND IVANKA TRUMP GETTING
JARED AND IVANKA TRUMP GETTING SECURITY CLEARANCES AND THE
SECURITY CLEARANCES AND THE PRESIDENT ORDERED THEY GET THEM
PRESIDENT ORDERED THEY GET THEM ANYWAY AND LIED ABOUT THEM,
ANYWAY AND LIED ABOUT THEM, THERE’S A LOT OF CONCERN.
THERE’S A LOT OF CONCERN. I THINK THE LESS ON IS COOPERATE
I THINK THE LESS ON IS COOPERATE WITH THESE INVESTIGATIONS,
WITH THESE INVESTIGATIONS, FURNISH THE DOCUMENTS BEING
FURNISH THE DOCUMENTS BEING REQUESTED SO WE CAN DO OUR
REQUESTED SO WE CAN DO OUR OVERSIGHT BECAUSE THERE ARE
OVERSIGHT BECAUSE THERE ARE CONSCIENTIOUS WHISTLEBLOWERS.
CONSCIENTIOUS WHISTLEBLOWERS. >> WHAT DO YOU MAKE OF THESE
>> WHAT DO YOU MAKE OF THESE TWO?
TWO? DO YOU THINK THEY’RE JUST
DO YOU THINK THEY’RE JUST BENEFICIARIES OF NEPOTISM?
BENEFICIARIES OF NEPOTISM? THEY’RE WELL OFF, OBVIOUSLY.
THEY’RE WELL OFF, OBVIOUSLY. THEY HAVE THE PRESIDENT’S LOVE,
THEY HAVE THE PRESIDENT’S LOVE, OF COURSE AND THE PRESIDENT’S
OF COURSE AND THE PRESIDENT’S DEPUTEIZING THEM FOR WORLD
DEPUTEIZING THEM FOR WORLD PEACE, ALL KINDS OF THINGS.
PEACE, ALL KINDS OF THINGS. NOT FASHION STATEMENTS OR
NOT FASHION STATEMENTS OR LOOKING GOOD AND NOT SHOWING
LOOKING GOOD AND NOT SHOWING WITH THESE PUBLIC APEERNSZS.
WITH THESE PUBLIC APEERNSZS. HE’S NOT USING THEM LIKE THAT.
HE’S NOT USING THEM LIKE THAT. HOW DO WE MAKE PEACE IN THE
HOW DO WE MAKE PEACE IN THE MIDDLE EAST FOR EXAMPLE?
MIDDLE EAST FOR EXAMPLE? JUDICIAL REFORM, ALL THIS STUFF
JUDICIAL REFORM, ALL THIS STUFF >> I MEAN THE PRESIDENT MADE THE
>> I MEAN THE PRESIDENT MADE THE DECISION TO HIRE THEM AS SENIOR
DECISION TO HIRE THEM AS SENIOR ADVISORS TO THE PRESIDENT.
ADVISORS TO THE PRESIDENT. THEY’RE INVOLVED IN VERY
THEY’RE INVOLVED IN VERY SIGNIFICANT WORK AND IVANKA
SIGNIFICANT WORK AND IVANKA TRUMP DURING THE SAME PEER OF
TRUMP DURING THE SAME PEER OF TIME WAS PROVIDED WITH
TIME WAS PROVIDED WITH TRADEMARKS FROM THE CHINESE,
TRADEMARKS FROM THE CHINESE, JARED KUSHNER’S FAMILY WAS
JARED KUSHNER’S FAMILY WAS BAILED OUT BY THE SAME COMPANY
BAILED OUT BY THE SAME COMPANY TRYING TO SELL NUCLEAR
TRYING TO SELL NUCLEAR TECHNOLOGIES TO THE SAUDIS.
TECHNOLOGIES TO THE SAUDIS. SO THERE’S A LOT OF REASON TO BE
SO THERE’S A LOT OF REASON TO BE CONCERNED AND TO UNDERSTAND WHY
CONCERNED AND TO UNDERSTAND WHY THEY WERE OBJECTED TO BY
THEY WERE OBJECTED TO BY INTELLIGENCE AND LAW ENFORCEMENT
INTELLIGENCE AND LAW ENFORCEMENT COMMUNITY AND WHY THE PRESIDENT
COMMUNITY AND WHY THE PRESIDENT ORDERED THEY BE GIVEN AND LIE
ORDERED THEY BE GIVEN AND LIE ABOUT IT.
ABOUT IT. THE PRESIDENT JUST SAID IN A
THE PRESIDENT JUST SAID IN A CLIP YOU SHOWED, ALL WE’RE
CLIP YOU SHOWED, ALL WE’RE WORRIED ABOUT IS INVESTIGATIONS.
WORRIED ABOUT IS INVESTIGATIONS. THE GOOD NEWS IS WE ECAN DO BOTH
THE GOOD NEWS IS WE ECAN DO BOTH THINGS.
THINGS. TRANSFORM POLITICS TOO, REALLY
TRANSFORM POLITICS TOO, REALLY MAKE A BIG DIFFERENCE IN
MAKE A BIG DIFFERENCE IN EMPOWERING VOTERS FOR THE
EMPOWERING VOTERS FOR THE PEOPLE.
PEOPLE. WE’VE BEGUN HEARINGS ON DRIVING